Hotel East Park Inn Karol Bagh Delhi

About East Park Inn: About Hotel: Situated in New Delhi, 4 km from Gurudwara Bangla Sahib, East Park Inn features accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. This 4-star hotel offers a business centre and a concierge service. The accommodation offers a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, room service and free WiFi. The hotel provides an ironing service, as well as business facilities like fax and photocopying.... Hotel East Park Inn Karol Bagh Delhi

More info: https://b.staynia.com/hotels-in-karol-bagh-delhi/

Address Park, 885, near, E Park Rd, near Ajmal Khan Road, beside Maruti Showroom, Karol Bagh, New Delhi, Delhi 110005

Room Type of East Inn Park Karol Bagh:-

Deluxe Room – Indulge in unparalleled comfort and contemporary elegance with our Deluxe Rooms at East Park Inn. Thoughtfully designed to provide a haven of relaxation, each room is adorned with modern amenities to ensure a luxurious and enjoyable stay. Sink into plush furnishings, bask in the soothing ambiance, and experience the convenience of state-of-the-art facilities.All rooms are designed in a standard layout offering a symmetry & all are loaded with amenities which lead to a comfortable stay.


Superior Room – Experience a heightened level of comfort and sophistication in our Superior Rooms at East Park Inn in Karol Bagh. These well-appointed rooms are designed to offer a superior stay, featuring modern amenities and tasteful decor. Unwind in a refined atmosphere, where every detail is crafted to enhance your comfort and relaxation.Being in symmetry with the deluxe room they offer city view rooms and many rooms have a balcony with sitout.


Signature Room – Elevate your stay to a truly exceptional level with our Signature Rooms at East Park Inn in Karol Bagh. Thoughtfully curated and meticulously designed, our Signature Rooms offer a blend of luxury and personalised service as each room comes with a Sofa Cum Bed. Revel in the opulent ambiance, adorned with exquisite furnishings in our signature rooms and modern amenities that cater to the most discerning tastes.
