Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh
Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh is a great choice for travellers looking for a 3 star star hotel in Karol Bagh, Delhi.

Address: 3382, Desh Bandhu Gupta Rd, Christian Colony5 Karol Bagh, New Delhi, Delhi 110005
Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh Delhi :- 3.8 out of 5 stars - 350 votes

About: Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh – Karol Bagh Delhi is Situated in New Delhi, 4 km from Gurudwara Bangla Sahib, Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh features accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. 

Hotel Ashoka International Karol Bagh, New Delhi. Conveniently situated in the Karol Bagh part of New Delhi and NCR, this property puts you close to attractions and interesting dining options.

Room Type of Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh
The elegant and luxurious rooms make your stay comfortable and reminiscent.

Our Luxurious Hotels Rooms In Karol Bagh are specially designed for luxury and relaxation. These rooms are equipped with dual beds, and nice sitting and working areas, a Big TV for guest’s enjoyment and entertainment purposes. These rooms are some of the most luxurious rooms that one can find at this price in a state like Delhi.

More info: https://b.staynia.com/ashoka-hotel-karol-bagh/

2 types of rooms available at Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh

Deluxe Room – Indulge in unparalleled comfort and contemporary elegance with our Deluxe Rooms at Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh. Thoughtfully designed to provide a haven of relaxation, each room is adorned with modern amenities to ensure a luxurious and enjoyable stay. Sink into plush furnishings, bask in the soothing ambiance, and experience the convenience of state-of-the-art facilities. All rooms are designed in a standard layout offering a symmetry & all are loaded with amenities which lead to a comfortable stay.
Superior Room – Experience a heightened level of comfort and sophistication in our Superior Rooms at Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh. These well-appointed rooms are designed to offer a superior stay, featuring modern amenities and tasteful decor. Unwind in a refined atmosphere, where every detail is crafted to enhance your comfort and relaxation. Being in symmetry with the deluxe room they offer city view rooms and many rooms have a balcony with sitout.
With the working area all the working professionals can focus on their work without being disturbed, We also provide conference rooms for business meetings. If you are traveling for business purpose you can book Hotel Rooms In Karol Bagh with us and save your time and money.

When it comes to rooms we provide 2 different types of rooms Deluxe Room, Superior Room each with different prices, designs, and facilities. You can take a look at these rooms in the gallery section of the website and you can book the room at the best possible offer if you book directly from the website.

Book and enjoy yourself the best Hotel Rooms In Karol Bagh and make your trip a memorable one with Ashoka Hotel Karol Bagh as your stay.
